warning signs Warning signs on the team are If you hear loud voices, that's
number one for most of the work that we do, You're supposed to
go change your pump. There should never be any loud voices unless it's
laughter. Right. So when you hear someone saying that was my wrench
or you're not supposed to go there or you're gonna get shocked,
there's something like that. There's some kind of argument, you know,
um, if you just hear that from the corner of Ah, here, You know, um,
just walking around and you hear some loud noises, then obviously,
you need to go and check it out. Another thing that could be a warning
sign is silence. So the exact opposite of that if someone's just
dead silent, obviously they might not wanna work with the person that
they're gonna go work with. Or they could have had an issue, like
earlier on in the day that you might wanna, like, figure out, um,
those could be safety safety issues, right? If they don't wanna work
together, so you need to figure out their loud voices or silent voices.
Um, something might be amiss, could just be the personality. But
in most cases, it's not